                1. In this column I want it to have icons at the top that go horizontal and when clicked on SHOW the contents
                    1. First Icon/Section would be NOTES (use a notes icon or pencil icon and have the icon have a tooltip on hover)
                        1. Under this section they should be able to add a note
                            1. The note should be LOCKED AFTER the user creates it and ONLY Admins can edit
                            2. It should log: Date, Time and the User who added the note
                            3. There should be a search function at the top of the notes to allow people to search JUST the notes
                    2. Second Icon/section: Tasks
                        1. This would pull in ANY assigned to this particular client (Tasks can either be added here in Clients > Specific Client > Tasks (right side) OR the Task section of the App
                        2. They should be able to Add a task
                        3. Each task should include:
                            1. Task Title
                            2. Description
                            3. Due Date & Time
                            4. Allow it to be set as a “Recurring Task”
                                1. Toggle
                                2. If toggle is set to Recurring do they should be able to select the following:
                                    1. Repeats every (number input) | Dropdown showing “Hour(s), Day(s), Week(s), Month(s), Year(s)”
                                    2. Ends On: Options: Never, On (choose specific date), After (choose number of occurrences)
                                    3. Check box that states THIS and creates the functionality: “Create a new task even if previous tasks is overdue”
                            5. Assignee (pick list/drop down of CRM users)
                            6. NOTE: I will want to build a workflows section for this CRM that will allow us to create a workflow that allows us to set rules about tasks and overdue tasks, etc. I will also want this data to be viewable in the REPORTS section
                            7. NOTE: we will scope even more task functionality when we get to the Tasks section but this will work for now in this screen.
                    3. Third Icon/section: Appointments
                        1. I want this section to be a full-fledged calendaring functionality similar to calendly (we will have the guts of this functionality in the admin section, but they should be able to schedule appointments here that syncs with their calendar and sends an invite to the client)
                        2. There should also be the ability to disposition appointments using a drop down called “status” w/ the following options: Confirmed, Showed, No Show, Cancelled
                    4. Fourth Icon/section: Documents
                        1. There should be a search field at the top
                        2. Have an “add button” and allow them to upload files
                            1. Restrict uploaded files to pdf, xls, jpg, png, .doc
                    5. Fifth Icon/section: Payments
                        1. Have stacked sections that show:
                            1. Transactions
                            2. Subscriptions
                            3. Invoices
                        2. These will tie into Invoicing system we will scope later