Okay NOW I want to connect ALL the Appointment / Calendaring / Booking System we built to the CLIENTS > Specific Client Page.

Right now if you go to Clients > Specific Client (example: Jamie Smith) In the RIGHT Pane of Jamie Smith's Client Page there is a MEETINGS Icon that says COMING soon...

I want to CONNECT that icon to the Booking System we've created.

Here's how it should work:

1. Under Clients > Specific Client (example: Jamie Smith) when I click on the Meeting Icon, it becomes the ACTIVE tab in that RIGHT PANE.
2. The title should be Meetings/Appointments 
2a. To the right of this Pane there should be a Plus Icon (similar to NOTES) that allows you to ADD a meeting.
NOTE: If there are NO Meetings/Appointments this screen would show a calendar icon and say "No meetings for this client"

When you click on the PLUS icon, it should allow you to CREATE a Meeting/Appointment. It should popup a MODAL to add an Appointment and here's what should be in the MODAL.

Calendar - A dropdown menu allowing you to select ANY calendar in the system (pulled from the list here: Settings > Calendar Settings > Calendars)

Appointment Title

Team Member - this should be a drop down menu of ALL the Apps USERS/STAFF MEMBERS.  Attendees It would AUTO select the CLIENT for the Client page you’re on. You should be able to add other attendees… Including allowing you to pick from the list of APP Users/Staff.

Date & Time - This section should FIRST show a Dropdown of the TIMEZONE. 

Next (side by side) have a DATE Picker "Date" (left) and SLOT Picker "Time" (right).

When the Date Picker is clicked it should be like a normal date picker field. 

When the SLOT is picked it should show TIMES that are available in whatever INCREMENTS of time the CALENDAR is set for.

NOTE: Because the calendars will have bookings already, this should ONLY SHOW Dates & Times that have NOT already been booked.

There should be an option to select "Recurring", IF selected, a new field appears called "Occurrences" with a dropdown with the following options: 1. Daily, 2. Weekly on "Current Day Selected' (example: Weekly on Tuesday), 3. Monthly on "Current day/week". Under that should be the functionality "Ends" with options (never, on (they can pick a specific date that the recurring meetings would end) or AFTER (they can input a number of occurrences).  Next would be “Meeting Location”  It would have two options: 1. Calendar Default, 2. Custom (when chosen a dropdown would appear with all the same options from Settings > Calendar Settings > Meeting Location. If they choose CUSTOM from this DROP DOWN, a field would appear that they can enter in a value)  Bottom Pane with thin separator above:  Status: Dropdown with the same options from Calendars > Appointment List view (left aligned) - Right Side of this pane Cancel Button, then Book Meeting.  Once it’s added it should then have a list of all upcoming meetings with the Date, Time, Status, Calendar, Assigned User/Staff. Right Side Edit icon that pops up a modal to edit and a delete icon